Malcolm Wickens		My Life Story		25/10/2018

1.	Parents, Brothers and Sisters

I am Malcolm in the middle - the third child of five to my loving parents, Joan and Arthur.

Joan was from an Irish famly of 14 children, Arthur from a family of seven children.  Together, I had 39 Aunts and Uncles.

2	Where and when I was born.

I was born in 1959 (which is nearly 8 O퀰lock) in Chingford, London.  When I was three,the family moved u to Stockport, near Manchester and fortunately took m with them.

3	Ealy Memories

There now follows three anecdotes of villains, heroes and zeroes.

The first memory to relate was of my being taken to school by my brother Terry.  I woud have been five, him nine years old.  This being 1964, we walked hand -in-hand along the main road, unaccompanied by adults, the mile or so to the bus stop for the bus to school.  We went to different schools due to our ages.

We say upstairs on a double-decker bus, right at the back (I still get a frisson sitting there).  My stop soon came, and Terry told me to get off.

My lovely teacher had told us never to stand up until the bus had stopped, so I sat tight until  it did.  The bus stopped and I went to the top of the stairs  to get off but could not - the lovely adults were all pushing past me, coming upp the stairs, eager for a seat.  I was FIVE. YEARS. OLD.

The  bus moved on, and I went to the back of the bus, upset and fightened, to were Terry was looking on.  (Remember, he was only nine years old).

The next stop came. I went to get of the bus again.  The adults just barged past me as I was trying to get down the stairs, each stair higher than one of my legs. They just barged past me.  There I was, five years old, in a tiny school uniform, trying not to cry, but obviously fraught.  And not understanding why they would not let me off. Distressed at my helplessness.

Eventually, Terry draggedd me to the stairs and down them while the bus was moving.  He walked me back to school.  I was feeling all the  more guilty for making him late.

Another early memory was when I was four year old.  We were at Butlins sat by a climbing water fountain.  I was aware of a  small girl crying loudly.  She had climbed to the top of the fountain and was stuck there.  Had been stuck there some time. and was now quite distressed.

In slow motion, my mom stood up, hiked up her skirt, took off her stockings and climbed up the fountain.  She helped the girl down.  Bith were soaked.  I could see my mum큦 bra, and so could everybody else.  I was mortified with embarassment.  Utterly, totally embarassed.

Years later, I asked her why she did theis, but n죃y then, I hadgotten to know her better, and already knew the answer... "I got sick of waiting for eveyone, especially the stupid men to do something, so I decided that I had to do it.

Needless to say, my old embarassment turned into intense pride.

A common theme in these two anecdotes is the uselessness of people.  People just will not stick their necks out to help others.  They cannot be trusted, or relied upon.

***********

Where my mother was a heroine, my father was a waste of 46 chromosomes.

In the laste 60큦, we were very well off (though I knew nothing about thisuntil later).  We lived in a large, 4-bed house in Stockport, nearManchester. 

All was well, until dad had  the notion of selling the house and starting his own business.  He would not be talk3ed out of it, despite having a wife and five kids to support.

Never in human  history has a person been been less capable of being  hisown boss. To illustrate:

	One morning, he had to leave early from home at 04:00hrs to see a client, to get there for 09:00 hrs.  His plan wasto sleep downstairs in his suit and tie, so as to then be able to jump into the car to make the meeting with no fuss.

	Next morning a neighbour turned up for coffee, just as we kids were having breakfast.
	
	"I see Athur did not go".


	"What do you mean, he left this morning".

	"Well his car is still in  the drive". 
	
	And there was our entrepreneur, on the sofa, in his suit and tie, still fast asleep.

So, my dad sold the house for about 500 pounds, a good price in 1969, but not knowing that property prices were on the point of going exponential.

He bought a delapidated cottage in the country (that my mother loved, by the way) for 200 pounds.  While the cottage was to be renovated, the family split up, the youngest three kids, myself, Colin and Julie going with my mum to stay with her mother and the two older children staying with dad up in Stockport.

This was to be a one-month arrangement.  After four months, we went to live together in the cottage.  We thought it wonderful, with an outside toilet, cows roaming in th front garden and a trout stream running through the garden.  (I found out later that the trout stream was where the outside toilet deposited it큦 goods).

Unfortunately, dad spent a lot oftime and money in the renovation of the cottage.  And he did so without actually completing on the purchase,  such was his hast in getting the familty back together.

After spending everything we had, the sale fell through.

We were as bankrupt as his dream.

So, we were re-housed from my mum큦 dream cottage to an old council house.  No home. No income.  No self-respect.  Dad went on the welfare, and there he stayed mostly for the rest of his life, sat at the dining table, doing crosswords and drinking whiskey.  My role model.

I read this, and know I do not do him justice.  Everybody, but EVERYBODY loved my dad.  He was just a nightmare to live with.


Shashidhar


was c

    